KIC 2.0 - update railgun README.md (#1113)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: railgun/README.md

> **NOTE**: What you're seeing in this directory is the [re-architecture][kep3] of the Kong Kubernetes Ingress Controller (KIC) which will be promoted to main as part of the [KIC 2.0 Milestone][milestone-12]. Don't use this yet! If you have questions, check in with us in the [#kong channel on Kubernetes slack][slack]!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: What you're seeing in this directory is the [re-architecture][kep3] of the Kong Kubernetes Ingress Controller (KIC) which will be promoted to main as part of the [KIC 2.0 Milestone][milestone-12]. `railgun/*` is not considered stable today. If you have questions, check in with us in the [#kong channel on Kubernetes slack][slack]!
```

Reviewer: _Don't use this under any circumstances_ comments don't age well :joy:

- **Enhanced API management using plugins**
  Use a wide-array of [plugins][kong-hub]
  to monitor, transform, protect your traffic.
- **Native gRPC support**
  Proxy gRPC traffic and gain visibility into it using
  Kong's plugin.
- **Health checking and Load-balancing**
  Load balance requests across your pods and supports active & passive health-checks.
- **Request/response transformations**
  Use plugins to
  modify your requests/responses on the fly.
- **Authentication**
  Protect your services using authentication methods
  of your choice.
- **Declarative configuration for Kong**
  Configure all of Kong
  using CRDs in Kubernetes and manage Kong declaratively.

## Get started

You can use
[Minikube](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/minikube/)
on your local machine or use
a hosted k8s service like
[GKE](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/).

Setting up Kong for Kubernetes is as simple as:

```shell
# using YAMLs
$ kubectl apply -f https://bit.ly/k4k8s

# or using Helm
$ helm repo add kong https://charts.konghq.com
$ helm repo update

# Helm 3
$ helm install kong/kong --generate-name --set ingressController.installCRDs=false

> ```

Reviewer: This doesn't install Railgun.

Author: For now should I just remove everything except for the header and basic information?

Author: switched to a minimal WIP note instead, but still removing the prototype language as we're past that stage.
